So, let's now summarize and take a look
back at what we learned in Lesson 2A.
>> So first, we went ahead and
downloaded the Android image
off the 96boards.org website.
>> And then we created the path
variable to the said Android image so
that we can reference it
more easily later on.
>> Afterwards, we went ahead and
flashed the image onto the microSD card.
>> And lastly, we installed
the Android operating system onto
the DragonBoard using the SD card method.
And with that in mind, that kind of
wraps up this installation guide and
hopefully you're able to
kinda follow us along and
now your DragonBoard 410C has
the most up to date Android version.